font-miracode                                                        spike
font-miriam-libre                                                    spillo
font-miriam-mono-clm                                                 spires
font-mirza                                                           spitfire-audio
font-miss-fajardose                                                  splashtop-business
font-mitr                                                            splashtop-personal
font-mochiy-pop-one                                                  splashtop-streamer
font-mochiy-pop-p-one                                                splayer
font-modak                                                           splice
font-modern-antiqua                                                  spline
font-moderustic                                                      splitshow
font-mogra                                                           spotifree
font-mohave                                                          spotify
font-moirai-one                                                      spotify-now-playing
font-molengo                                                         spotify4bigsur
font-molle                                                           spotmenu
font-mona-sans                                                       spotspot
font-monaspace                                                       springtoolsforeclipse
font-monaspace-frozen                                                spundle
font-monaspace-nf                                                    spybuster
font-monaspace-var                                                   spyder
font-monaspice-nerd-font                                             sq-mixpad
font-monda                                                           sql-tabs
font-monocraft                                                       sqlcl
font-monocraft-nerd-font                                             sqlectron
font-monofett                                                        sqleditor
font-monofur-for-powerline                                           sqlight
font-monofur-nerd-font                                               sqlitemanager
font-monoid                                                          sqlitestudio
font-monoid-nerd-font                                                sqlpro-for-mssql
font-monoisome                                                       sqlpro-for-mysql
font-monomakh                                                        sqlpro-for-postgres
font-monomaniac-one                                                  sqlpro-for-sqlite
font-mononoki                                                        sqlpro-studio
font-mononoki-nerd-font                                              sqlworkbenchj
font-monoton                                                         squash
font-monsieur-la-doulaise                                            squeak
font-montaga                                                         squidman
font-montagu-slab                                                    squirrel-app
font-montecarlo                                                      squirrelsql
font-montez                                                          ssdreporter-free
font-montserrat                                                      ssh-config-editor
font-montserrat-alternates                                           ssh-tunnel-manager
font-montserrat-subrayada                                            ssokit
font-montserrat-underline                                            stability-matrix
font-moo-lah-lah                                                     stack
font-mooli                                                           stack-stack
font-moon-dance                                                      stand
font-moralerspace                                                    standard-notes
font-moralerspace-hw                                                 starcraft
font-moralerspace-hw-jpdoc                                           starnet++
font-moralerspace-hw-nf                                              starnet2
font-moralerspace-jpdoc                                              starsector
font-moralerspace-nf                                                 start
font-moul                                                            startupfolder
font-moulpali                                                        startupizer
font-mountains-of-christmas                                          staruml
font-mouse-memoirs                                                   stash
font-mozilla-headline                                                stashpad
font-mozilla-text                                                    stationtv-link
font-mr-bedfort                                                      stats
font-mr-dafoe                                                        status
font-mr-de-haviland                                                  statusfy
font-mrs-saint-delafield                                             stay
font-mrs-sheppards                                                   steam
font-ms-madi                                                         steam-plus-plus
font-mukta                                                           steamcmd
font-mukta-mahee                                                     steelseries-engine
font-mukta-malar                                                     steelseries-gg
font-mukta-vaani                                                     steermouse
font-mukti-narrow                                                    steinberg-activation-manager
font-mulish                                                          steinberg-download-assistant
font-murecho                                                         steinberg-library-manager
font-museo                                                           steinberg-mediabay
font-museomoderno                                                    stella-app
font-my-soul                                                         stellarium
font-myanmar-sans-pro                                                steveschow-gfxcardstatus
font-mynaui-icons                                                    stillcolor
font-mynerve                                                         stolendata-mpv
font-myrica                                                          stoplight-studio
font-myricam                                                         storyboarder
font-mystery-quest                                                   stratoshark
font-n-gage                                                          stratoshark@dev
font-nabla                                                           stravu-crystal
font-nacelle                                                         strawberry-wallpaper
font-namdhinggo                                                      streamlabs
font-nanum-brush-script                                              streamlink-twitch-gui
font-nanum-gothic                                                    stremio
font-nanum-gothic-coding                                             stretchly
font-nanum-myeongjo                                                  stringsfile
font-nanum-pen-script                                                stringz
font-nanum-square                                                    strongvpn
font-nanum-square-neo                                                structuredlogviewer
font-nanum-square-round                                              studio-3t
font-narnoor                                                         studio-3t-community
font-nata-sans                                                       studiolinkstandalone
font-national-park                                                   subethaedit
font-nats                                                            subgit
font-neonderthaw                                                     subler
font-nerko-one                                                       sublercli
font-neucha                                                          sublime-merge
font-neuton                                                          sublime-merge@dev
font-new-amsterdam                                                   sublime-text
font-new-computer-modern                                             sublime-text@dev
font-new-rocker                                                      submariner
font-new-tegomin                                                     subsurface
font-new-york                                                        subsync
font-news-cycle                                                      subtools
font-newsreader                                                      sunloginclient
font-nico-moji                                                       sunlogincontrol
font-niconne                                                         sunsama
font-nikukyu                                                         sunvox
font-nimbus-sans-l                                                   super-productivity
font-niramit                                                         supercollider
font-nixie-one                                                       superduper
font-nobile                                                          superhuman
font-nokora                                                          superkey
font-norican                                                         superlist
font-nosifer                                                         supermjograph
font-nosifer-caps                                                    supernotes
font-notable                                                         superslicer
font-nothing-you-could-do                                            supersync
font-noticia-text                                                    supertuxkart
font-noto-color-emoji                                                superwhisper
font-noto-color-emoji-compat-test                                    supremo
font-noto-emoji                                                      surfeasy-vpn
font-noto-kufi-arabic                                                surfshark
font-noto-mono                                                       surge
font-noto-mono-for-powerline                                         surge-synthesizer
font-noto-music                                                      surge-xt
font-noto-naskh-arabic                                               surge@4
font-noto-naskh-arabic-ui                                            suspicious-package
font-noto-nastaliq-urdu                                              suspicious-package@preview
font-noto-nerd-font                                                  suuntodm5
font-noto-rashi-hebrew                                               svgcleaner
font-noto-sans                                                       svp
font-noto-sans-adlam                                                 swama
font-noto-sans-adlam-unjoined                                        sweet-home3d
font-noto-sans-anatolian-hieroglyphs                                 swift-im
font-noto-sans-arabic                                                swift-publisher
font-noto-sans-arabic-ui                                             swift-quit
font-noto-sans-armenian                                              swift-shift
font-noto-sans-avestan                                               swiftbar
font-noto-sans-balinese                                              swiftcord
font-noto-sans-bamum                                                 swiftdefaultappsprefpane
font-noto-sans-bassa-vah                                             swiftformat-for-xcode
font-noto-sans-batak                                                 swiftplantumlapp
font-noto-sans-bengali                                               swiftpm-catalog
font-noto-sans-bengali-ui                                            swifty
font-noto-sans-bhaiksuki                                             swiftybeaver
font-noto-sans-brahmi                                                swimat
font-noto-sans-buginese                                              swinsian
font-noto-sans-buhid                                                 swish
font-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal                                   switch
font-noto-sans-carian                                                switchhosts
font-noto-sans-caucasian-albanian                                    switchkey
font-noto-sans-chakma                                                switchresx
font-noto-sans-cham                                                  symboliclinker
font-noto-sans-cherokee                                              synalyze-it-pro
font-noto-sans-chorasmian                                            sync
font-noto-sans-cjk                                                   sync-my-l2p
font-noto-sans-cjk-hk                                                syncalicious
font-noto-sans-cjk-jp                                                syncmate
font-noto-sans-cjk-kr                                                syncovery
font-noto-sans-cjk-sc                                                syncplay
font-noto-sans-cjk-tc                                                syncroom
font-noto-sans-coptic                                                syncterm
font-noto-sans-cuneiform                                             syncthing-app
font-noto-sans-cypriot                                               synfigstudio
font-noto-sans-cypro-minoan                                          synology-chat
font-noto-sans-deseret                                               synology-cloud-station-backup
font-noto-sans-devanagari                                            synology-drive
font-noto-sans-devanagari-ui                                         synology-image-assistant
font-noto-sans-display                                               synology-note-station-client
font-noto-sans-duployan                                              synology-surveillance-station-client
font-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs                                  synologyassistant
font-noto-sans-elbasan                                               syntax-highlight
font-noto-sans-elymaic                                               synthesia
font-noto-sans-ethiopic                                              sys-pc-tool
font-noto-sans-georgian                                              sysdig-inspect
font-noto-sans-glagolitic                                            sysex-librarian
font-noto-sans-gothic                                                systhist
font-noto-sans-grantha                                               tabby
font-noto-sans-gujarati                                              table-tool
font-noto-sans-gujarati-ui                                           tableau
font-noto-sans-gunjala-gondi                                         tableau-prep
font-noto-sans-gurmukhi                                              tableau-public
font-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui                                           tableau-reader
font-noto-sans-hanifi-rohingya                                       tablecruncher
font-noto-sans-hanunoo                                               tableflip
font-noto-sans-hatran                                                tableplus
font-noto-sans-hebrew                                                tabtab
font-noto-sans-hk                                                    tabtopus
font-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic                                      tabula
font-noto-sans-indic-siyaq-numbers                                   taccy
font-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi                                 tachidesk-sorayomi
font-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian                                tad
font-noto-sans-javanese                                              tag-app
font-noto-sans-jp                                                    tageditor
font-noto-sans-kaithi                                                tagger
font-noto-sans-kannada                                               tagspaces
font-noto-sans-kannada-ui                                            tailscale-app
font-noto-sans-kawi                                                  tal-drum
font-noto-sans-kayah-li                                              tales-of-majeyal
font-noto-sans-kharoshthi                                            talon
font-noto-sans-khmer                                                 tandem
font-noto-sans-khmer-ui                                              tap-forms
font-noto-sans-khojki                                                tartelet
font-noto-sans-khudawadi                                             taskade
font-noto-sans-kr                                                    taskbar
font-noto-sans-lao                                                   taskexplorer
font-noto-sans-lao-looped                                            taskpaper
font-noto-sans-lao-ui                                                taskwarrior-pomodoro
font-noto-sans-lepcha                                                tastytrade
font-noto-sans-limbu                                                 tau
font-noto-sans-linear-a                                              td-agent
font-noto-sans-linear-b                                              tdr-kotelnikov
font-noto-sans-lisu                                                  tdr-molotok
font-noto-sans-lycian                                                tdr-nova
font-noto-sans-lydian                                                tdr-prism
font-noto-sans-mahajani                                              tdr-vos-slickeq
font-noto-sans-malayalam                                             teacode
font-noto-sans-malayalam-ui                                          teambition
font-noto-sans-mandaic                                               teamspeak-client
font-noto-sans-manichaean                                            teamspeak-client@beta
font-noto-sans-marchen                                               teamviewer
font-noto-sans-masaram-gondi                                         teamviewer-host
font-noto-sans-math                                                  teamviewer-quickjoin
font-noto-sans-mayan-numerals                                        teamviewer-quicksupport
font-noto-sans-medefaidrin                                           teamviewermeeting
font-noto-sans-meetei-mayek                                          techsmith-capture
font-noto-sans-mende-kikakui                                         teensy
font-noto-sans-meroitic                                              teeworlds
font-noto-sans-miao                                                  telegram
font-noto-sans-modi                                                  telegram-a
font-noto-sans-mongolian                                             telegram-desktop
font-noto-sans-mono                                                  telegram-desktop@beta
font-noto-sans-mono-cjk-hk                                           teleport-connect
font-noto-sans-mono-cjk-jp                                           teleport-suite
font-noto-sans-mono-cjk-kr                                           teleport-suite@16
font-noto-sans-mono-cjk-sc                                           teleport-suite@17
font-noto-sans-mono-cjk-tc                                           tella
font-noto-sans-mro                                                   tempbox
font-noto-sans-multani                                               temurin
font-noto-sans-myanmar                                               temurin@11
font-noto-sans-myanmar-ui                                            temurin@17
font-noto-sans-n-ko                                                  temurin@19
font-noto-sans-nabataean                                             temurin@20
font-noto-sans-nag-mundari                                           temurin@21
font-noto-sans-nandinagari                                           temurin@8
font-noto-sans-new-tai-lue                                           tenable-nessus-agent
font-noto-sans-newa                                                  tencent-docs
font-noto-sans-nko                                                   tencent-lemon
font-noto-sans-nko-unjoined                                          tencent-meeting
font-noto-sans-nushu                                                 tentacle-sync-studio
font-noto-sans-ogham                                                 termhere
font-noto-sans-ol-chiki                                              terminology
font-noto-sans-old-hungarian                                         termius
font-noto-sans-old-italic                                            termius@beta
font-noto-sans-old-north-arabian                                     termora
font-noto-sans-old-permic                                            testfully
font-noto-sans-old-persian                                           tetrio
font-noto-sans-old-sogdian                                           tev
font-noto-sans-old-south-arabian                                     tex-live-utility
font-noto-sans-old-turkic                                            texifier
font-noto-sans-oriya                                                 texmacs
font-noto-sans-oriya-ui                                              texmaker
font-noto-sans-osage                                                 texshop
font-noto-sans-osmanya                                               texstudio
font-noto-sans-pahawh-hmong                                          textadept
font-noto-sans-palmyrene                                             textbar
font-noto-sans-pau-cin-hau                                           textbuddy
font-noto-sans-phags-pa                                              textexpander
font-noto-sans-phagspa                                               textgrabber2
font-noto-sans-phoenician                                            textmate
font-noto-sans-psalter-pahlavi                                       texts
font-noto-sans-rejang                                                textsniper
font-noto-sans-runic                                                 textual
font-noto-sans-samaritan                                             texturepacker
font-noto-sans-saurashtra                                            texworks
font-noto-sans-sc                                                    tg-pro
font-noto-sans-sharada                                               thangs-sync
font-noto-sans-shavian                                               the-archive
font-noto-sans-siddham                                               the-archive-browser
font-noto-sans-signwriting                                           the-battle-for-wesnoth
font-noto-sans-sinhala                                               the-cheat
font-noto-sans-sinhala-ui                                            the-clock
font-noto-sans-sogdian                                               the-unarchiver
font-noto-sans-sora-sompeng                                          the-unofficial-homestuck-collection
font-noto-sans-soyombo                                               thebrain
font-noto-sans-sundanese                                             thebrowsercompany-dia
font-noto-sans-sunuwar                                               thedesk
font-noto-sans-syloti-nagri                                          theiaide
font-noto-sans-symbols                                               thelowtechguys-cling
font-noto-sans-symbols-2                                             themeengine
font-noto-sans-syriac                                                there
font-noto-sans-syriac-eastern                                        therm
font-noto-sans-syriac-estrangela                                     thetimemachinemechanic
font-noto-sans-syriac-western                                        thingsmacsandboxhelper
font-noto-sans-tagalog                                               thinkorswim
font-noto-sans-tagbanwa                                              thinlinc-client
font-noto-sans-tai-le                                                thonny
font-noto-sans-tai-tham                                              thonny-xxl
font-noto-sans-tai-viet                                              thor
font-noto-sans-takri                                                 thorium
font-noto-sans-tamil                                                 threema
font-noto-sans-tamil-supplement                                      threema-work
font-noto-sans-tamil-ui                                              threema@beta
font-noto-sans-tangsa                                                ths
font-noto-sans-tc                                                    thumbhost3mf
font-noto-sans-telugu                                                thumbsup
font-noto-sans-telugu-ui                                             thunder
font-noto-sans-thaana                                                thunderbird
font-noto-sans-thai                                                  thunderbird@beta
font-noto-sans-thai-looped                                           thunderbird@daily
font-noto-sans-thai-ui                                               thunderbird@esr
font-noto-sans-tibetan                                               thyme
font-noto-sans-tifinagh                                              ti-connect-ce
font-noto-sans-tirhuta                                               ti-smartview-ce-for-the-ti-84-plus-family
font-noto-sans-ugaritic                                              tic80
font-noto-sans-vai                                                   tickeys
font-noto-sans-vithkuqi                                              ticktick
font-noto-sans-wancho                                                tidal
font-noto-sans-warang-citi                                           tiddly
font-noto-sans-yi                                                    tidelift
font-noto-sans-zanabazar-square                                      tidgi
font-noto-serif                                                      tiger-trade
font-noto-serif-ahom                                                 tigerjython
font-noto-serif-armenian                                             tigervnc-viewer
font-noto-serif-balinese                                             tikzit
font-noto-serif-bengali                                              tiled
font-noto-serif-cjk                                                  tiles
font-noto-serif-cjk-hk                                               timche-gmail-desktop
font-noto-serif-cjk-jp                                               time-lapse-assembler
font-noto-serif-cjk-kr                                               time-out
font-noto-serif-cjk-sc                                               time-sink
font-noto-serif-cjk-tc                                               time-to-leave
font-noto-serif-devanagari                                           time-tracker
font-noto-serif-display                                              timecamp
font-noto-serif-dives-akuru                                          timelane
font-noto-serif-dogra                                                timelapze
font-noto-serif-ethiopic                                             timemachineeditor
font-noto-serif-georgian                                             timemachinestatus
font-noto-serif-grantha                                              timemator
font-noto-serif-gujarati                                             timer
font-noto-serif-gurmukhi                                             timescribe
font-noto-serif-hebrew                                               timestamp
font-noto-serif-hentaigana                                           timeular
font-noto-serif-hk                                                   timing
font-noto-serif-jp                                                   timings
font-noto-serif-kannada                                              tinderbox
font-noto-serif-khitan-small-script                                  tinkerwell
font-noto-serif-khmer                                                tint
font-noto-serif-khojki                                               tiny-player
font-noto-serif-kr                                                   tiny-shield
font-noto-serif-lao                                                  tinymediamanager
font-noto-serif-makasar                                              tinypng4mac
font-noto-serif-malayalam                                            tip
font-noto-serif-myanmar                                              tiptoi-manager
font-noto-serif-np-hmong                                             tla+-toolbox
font-noto-serif-nyiakeng-puachue-hmong                               tlv
font-noto-serif-old-uyghur                                           tm-error-logger
font-noto-serif-oriya                                                tmpdisk
font-noto-serif-ottoman-siyaq                                        tnefs-enough
font-noto-serif-sc                                                   tng-digital-mini-program-studio
font-noto-serif-sinhala                                              to-audio-converter
font-noto-serif-tamil                                                todoist-app
font-noto-serif-tangut                                               todometer
font-noto-serif-tc                                                   todotxt
font-noto-serif-telugu                                               todour
font-noto-serif-thai                                                 tofu
font-noto-serif-tibetan                                              toinane-colorpicker
font-noto-serif-todhri                                               toland-qlmarkdown
font-noto-serif-toto                                                 tomatobar
font-noto-serif-vithkuqi                                             tomighty
font-noto-serif-yezidi                                               toneprint
font-noto-traditional-nushu                                          tongbu
font-noto-znamenny-musical-notation                                  toolreleases
font-nova-cut                                                        toontown-rewritten
font-nova-flat                                                       topaz-denoise-ai
font-nova-mono                                                       topaz-gigapixel-ai
font-nova-oval                                                       topaz-photo-ai
font-nova-round                                                      topaz-sharpen-ai
font-nova-script                                                     topaz-video-ai
font-nova-slim                                                       topcat
font-nova-square                                                     topnotch
font-ntr                                                             toptracker
font-numans                                                          tor-browser
font-nunito                                                          tor-browser@alpha
font-nunito-sans                                                     torguard
font-nuosu-sil                                                       torrent-file-editor
font-ocr                                                             tortoisehg
font-odibee-sans                                                     toshiba-color-mfp
font-odor-mean-chey                                                  touch-bar-simulator
font-office-code-pro                                                 touch-portal
font-offside                                                         touchbarserver
font-ofl-sorts-mill-goudy-tt                                         touchdesigner
font-oi                                                              touchosc
font-ojuju                                                           touchosc-bridge
font-old-standard-tt                                                 touchosc-editor
font-oldenburg                                                       touchswitcher
font-ole                                                             tourbox-console
font-oleo-script                                                     tower
font-oleo-script-swash-caps                                          townwifi
font-onest                                                           tpvirtual
font-oooh-baby                                                       tqsl
font-open-dyslexic                                                   trackerzapper
font-open-dyslexic-nerd-font                                         trader-workstation
font-open-iconic                                                     tradingview
font-open-sans                                                       trae
font-open-sans-hebrew                                                trae-cn
font-open-sans-hebrew-condensed                                      trailer
font-oppo-sans                                                       trainerroad
font-optician-sans                                                   transcribe
font-oranienbaum                                                     transfer
font-orbit                                                           transmission
font-orbitron                                                        transmission-remote-gui
font-oregano                                                         transmission@nightly
font-orelega-one                                                     transmit
font-orienta                                                         transnomino
font-original-surfer                                                 transocks
font-ostrich-sans                                                    treesheets
font-oswald                                                          treeviewer
font-otomanopee-one                                                  tresorit
font-outfit                                                          trex
font-over-the-rainbow                                                trezor-bridge-app
font-overlock                                                        trezor-suite
font-overlock-sc                                                     tribler
font-overpass                                                        trilium-notes
font-overpass-mono                                                   trim-enabler
font-overpass-nerd-font                                              trinity
font-overused-grotesk                                                triplecheese
font-ovo                                                             tripmode
font-oxanium                                                         trivial
font-oxygen                                                          trojanx
font-oxygen-mono                                                     trolcommander
font-pacifico                                                        tropy
font-padauk                                                          truetree
font-padyakke-expanded-one                                           truhu
font-palanquin                                                       trunk-io
font-palanquin-dark                                                  tsh
font-palemonasmufi-bold                                              tsh@13
font-palemonasmufi-bolditalic                                        ttscoff-mmd-quicklook
font-palemonasmufi-italic                                            tuck
font-palemonasmufi-regular                                           tuist
font-palette-mosaic                                                  tunein
font-pangolin                                                        tuneinstructor
font-paprika                                                         tunetag
font-parastoo                                                        tunnelbear
font-parisienne                                                      tunnelblick
font-parkinsans                                                      tunnelblick@beta
font-passero-one                                                     tuple
font-passion-one                                                     turbo-boost-switcher
font-passions-conflict                                               turbotax-2024
font-pathway-extreme                                                 turbovnc-viewer
font-pathway-gothic-one                                              turtl
font-patrick-hand                                                    tusk
font-patrick-hand-sc                                                 tuta-mail
font-pattaya                                                         tuxera-ntfs
font-patua-one                                                       tuxguitar
font-pavanam                                                         tv-browser
font-paytone-one                                                     tvrenamer
font-peddana                                                         twake
font-peralta                                                         twelite-stage
font-permanent-marker                                                twilioquest
font-petemoss                                                        twine-app
font-petit-formal-script                                             twingate
font-petrona                                                         twist
font-phetsarath                                                      twitch-studio
font-philosopher                                                     twobird
font-photonico-code                                                  twonkyserver
font-phudu                                                           tyke
font-piazzolla                                                       tyme
font-piedra                                                          typcn-bilibili
font-pigmo00                                                         typeface
font-pigmo01                                                         typefully
font-pinyon-script                                                   typeit4me
font-pirata-one                                                      typinator
font-pixel-code                                                      typora
font-pixelify-sans                                                   typora@dev
font-plangothic                                                      tysimulator
font-plaster                                                         ua-midi-control
font-platypi                                                         ubar
font-play                                                            ubersicht
font-playball                                                        ubiquiti-unifi-controller
font-playfair                                                        ubports-installer
font-playfair-display                                                udig
font-playfair-display-sc                                             uefitool
font-playpen-sans                                                    ueli
font-playpen-sans-arabic                                             ugg
font-playpen-sans-deva                                               uhk-agent
font-playpen-sans-hebrew                                             ui
font-playpen-sans-thai                                               ui-browser
font-playwrite-ar                                                    ui-tars
font-playwrite-ar-guides                                             ukelele
font-playwrite-at                                                    ukrainian-typographic-keyboard
font-playwrite-at-guides                                             ukrainian-unicode-layout
font-playwrite-au-nsw                                                ulbow
font-playwrite-au-nsw-guides                                         ultdata
font-playwrite-au-qld                                                ultimaker-cura
font-playwrite-au-qld-guides                                         ultimate
font-playwrite-au-sa                                                 ultimate-control
font-playwrite-au-sa-guides                                          ultimate-vocal-remover
font-playwrite-au-tas                                                ultracopier
font-playwrite-au-tas-guides                                         ultrastardeluxe
font-playwrite-au-vic                                                unclack
font-playwrite-au-vic-guides                                         unclutter
font-playwrite-be-vlg                                                uncolored
font-playwrite-be-vlg-guides                                         uncrustifyx
font-playwrite-be-wal                                                understand
font-playwrite-be-wal-guides                                         unetbootin
font-playwrite-br                                                    unexpectedly
font-playwrite-br-guides                                             ungoogled-chromium
font-playwrite-ca                                                    unicodechecker
font-playwrite-ca-guides                                             unified-remote
font-playwrite-cl                                                    uniflash
font-playwrite-cl-guides                                             uninstallpkg
font-playwrite-co                                                    unipro-ugene
font-playwrite-co-guides                                             unison-app
font-playwrite-cu                                                    unite
font-playwrite-cu-guides                                             unite-phone
font-playwrite-cz                                                    unity
font-playwrite-cz-guides                                             unity-android-support-for-editor
font-playwrite-de-grund                                              unity-hub
font-playwrite-de-grund-guides                                       unity-ios-support-for-editor
font-playwrite-de-la                                                 unity-webgl-support-for-editor
font-playwrite-de-la-guides                                          unity-windows-support-for-editor
font-playwrite-de-sas                                                universal-android-debloater
font-playwrite-de-sas-guides                                         universal-gcode-platform
font-playwrite-de-va                                                 universal-media-server
font-playwrite-de-va-guides                                          unlox
font-playwrite-dk-loopet                                             unnaturalscrollwheels
font-playwrite-dk-loopet-guides                                      unpkg
font-playwrite-dk-uloopet                                            unraid-usb-creator
font-playwrite-dk-uloopet-guides                                     unraid-usb-creator-next
font-playwrite-es                                                    unshaky
font-playwrite-es-deco                                               updf
font-playwrite-es-deco-guides                                        upm
font-playwrite-es-guides                                             upscayl
font-playwrite-fr-moderne                                            upterm
font-playwrite-fr-moderne-guides                                     usage-app
font-playwrite-fr-trad                                               usb-overdrive
font-playwrite-fr-trad-guides                                        usbimager
font-playwrite-gb-j                                                  usenapp
font-playwrite-gb-j-guides                                           usmart-trade
font-playwrite-gb-s                                                  usr-sse2-rdm
font-playwrite-gb-s-guides                                           utc-menu-clock
font-playwrite-hr                                                    utm
font-playwrite-hr-guides                                             utm@beta
font-playwrite-hr-lijeva                                             utools
font-playwrite-hr-lijeva-guides                                      utterly
font-playwrite-hu                                                    uu-booster
font-playwrite-hu-guides                                             uvtools
font-playwrite-id                                                    uxprotect
font-playwrite-id-guides                                             v2ray-unofficial
font-playwrite-ie                                                    v2rayu
font-playwrite-ie-guides                                             v2rayx
font-playwrite-in                                                    vagrant
font-playwrite-in-guides                                             vagrant-manager
font-playwrite-is                                                    vagrant-vmware-utility
font-playwrite-is-guides                                             valentina-studio
font-playwrite-it-moderna                                            valhalla-freq-echo
font-playwrite-it-moderna-guides                                     valhalla-space-modulator
font-playwrite-it-trad                                               valhalla-supermassive
font-playwrite-it-trad-guides                                        valkyrie
font-playwrite-mx                                                    valley
font-playwrite-mx-guides                                             vallum
font-playwrite-ng-modern                                             vamiga
font-playwrite-ng-modern-guides                                      vanilla
font-playwrite-nl                                                    vapor-app
font-playwrite-nl-guides                                             vassal
font-playwrite-no                                                    vb-cable
font-playwrite-no-guides                                             vbrokers
font-playwrite-nz                                                    vcam
font-playwrite-nz-guides                                             vcv-rack
font-playwrite-pe                                                    ved
font-playwrite-pe-guides                                             veepn
font-playwrite-pl                                                    vellum
font-playwrite-pl-guides                                             veracrypt
font-playwrite-pt                                                    veracrypt-fuse-t
font-playwrite-pt-guides                                             vernier-spectral-analysis
font-playwrite-ro                                                    vero
font-playwrite-ro-guides                                             versatility
font-playwrite-sk                                                    versions
font-playwrite-sk-guides                                             vertcoin-core
font-playwrite-tz                                                    vesktop
font-playwrite-tz-guides                                             vesta
font-playwrite-us-modern                                             veusz
font-playwrite-us-modern-guides                                      vezer
font-playwrite-us-trad                                               via
font-playwrite-us-trad-guides                                        viable
font-playwrite-vn                                                    viables
font-playwrite-vn-guides                                             vial
font-playwrite-za                                                    vibemeter
font-playwrite-za-guides                                             viber
font-plemol-jp                                                       vibetunnel
font-plemol-jp-hs                                                    vidcutter
font-plemol-jp-nf                                                    videoduke
font-plus-jakarta-sans                                               videofusion
font-pochaevsk                                                       videostream
font-podkova                                                         vidl
font-podkova-vf-beta                                                 vieb
font-poetsen-one                                                     vienna
font-poiret-one                                                      vienna-assistant
font-poller-one                                                      vimcal
font-poltawski-nowy                                                  vimediamanager
font-poly                                                            vimr
font-pompiere                                                        vimy
font-ponnala                                                         vincelwt-chatgpt
font-ponomar                                                         vine-server
font-pontano-sans                                                    vip-access
font-poor-story                                                      virtual-desktop-streamer
font-poppins                                                         virtual-ii
font-poppins-latin                                                   virtualbox
font-poprumcute                                                      virtualbox@6
font-port-lligat-sans                                                virtualbox@beta
font-port-lligat-slab                                                virtualbuddy
font-porter-sans-block                                               virtualbuddy@beta
font-potta-one                                                       virtualc64
font-powerline-symbols                                               virtualdj
font-pragati-narrow                                                  virtualgl
font-praise                                                          virtualhere
font-prata                                                           virtualhereserver
font-preahvihear                                                     virtualhostx
font-press-start-2p                                                  viscosity
font-pretendard                                                      visit
font-pretendard-gov                                                  viso
font-pretendard-jp                                                   visual
font-pretendard-std                                                  visual-paradigm
font-pridi                                                           visual-paradigm-ce
font-princess-sofia                                                  visual-studio
font-prociono                                                        visual-studio-code
font-profont-nerd-font                                               visual-studio-code@insiders
font-profontx                                                        visualboyadvance-m
font-proggy-clean-tt-nerd-font                                       visualvm
font-prompt                                                          vitals
font-prosto-one                                                      vitalsource-bookshelf
font-protest-guerrilla                                               vitamin-r
font-protest-revolution                                              vivaldi
font-protest-riot                                                    vivaldi@snapshot
font-protest-strike                                                  vivid-app
font-proza-libre                                                     viz
font-pt-astra-sans                                                   vk-calls
font-pt-astra-serif                                                  vk-messenger
font-pt-mono                                                         vlc
font-pt-root-ui                                                      vlc-setup
font-pt-sans                                                         vlc-webplugin
font-pt-sans-caption                                                 vlc@nightly
font-pt-sans-narrow                                                  vlcstreamer
font-pt-serif                                                        vmpk
font-pt-serif-caption                                                vmware-fusion
font-public-sans                                                     vnc-server
font-puppies-play                                                    vnc-viewer
font-puritan                                                         vnote
font-purple-purse                                                    voiceink
font-pushster                                                        voicenotes
font-qahiri                                                          voicepeak
font-quando                                                          void
font-quantico                                                        voiden
font-quattrocento                                                    voikkospellservice
font-quattrocento-sans                                               volanta
font-questrial                                                       volt-app
font-quicksand                                                       volta-app
font-quintessential                                                  voodoopad
font-qwigley                                                         voov-meeting
font-qwitcher-grypen                                                 vorta
font-racing-sans-one                                                 vox
font-radio-canada                                                    vox-preferences-pane
font-radio-canada-big                                                voxql
font-radley                                                          vpn-enabler
font-rajdhani                                                        vpn-tracker-365
font-rakkas                                                          vrampro
font-raleway                                                         vrew
font-raleway-dots                                                    vscodium
font-ramabhadra                                                      vscodium@insiders
font-ramaraja                                                        vsd-viewer
font-rambla                                                          vsdx-annotator
font-rammetto-one                                                    vsee
font-rampart-one                                                     vu
font-ranchers                                                        vuescan
font-rancho                                                          vuze
font-ranga                                                           vv
font-rasa                                                            vym
font-rationale                                                       vyprvpn
font-ravi-prakash                                                    vysor
font-readex-pro                                                      wacom-inkspace
font-recursive                                                       wacom-tablet
font-recursive-code                                                  wail
font-recursive-desktop                                               wakatime
font-recursive-mono-nerd-font                                        wallpaper-wizard
font-red-hat-display                                                 waltr
font-red-hat-mono                                                    waltr-heic-converter
font-red-hat-text                                                    waltr-pro
font-red-rose                                                        wannianli
font-redacted                                                        warcraft-logs-uploader
font-redacted-script                                                 warp
font-reddit-mono                                                     warp@preview
font-reddit-sans                                                     warsaw
font-reddit-sans-condensed                                           warsow
font-redhat                                                          warzone-2100
font-redressed                                                       wasabi-wallet
font-reem-kufi                                                       watchfacestudio
font-reem-kufi-fun                                                   waterfox
font-reem-kufi-ink                                                   waterfox-classic
font-reenie-beanie                                                   wave
font-reggae-one                                                      wavebox
font-rem                                                             waves-central
font-rethink-sans                                                    wavesurfer
font-revalia                                                         wch-ch34x-usb-serial-driver
font-rhodium-libre                                                   wd-security
font-ribeye                                                          weakauras-companion
font-ribeye-marrow                                                   wealthfolio
font-ricty-diminished                                                weasis
font-righteous                                                       webcamoid
font-risque                                                          webcatalog
font-road-rage                                                       webex
font-roboto                                                          webex-meetings
font-roboto-condensed                                                webkinz
font-roboto-flex                                                     webots
font-roboto-mono                                                     webpack-dashboard
font-roboto-mono-for-powerline                                       webplotdigitizer
font-roboto-mono-nerd-font                                           webpquicklook
font-roboto-serif                                                    webrecorder-player
font-roboto-slab                                                     website-audit
font-rochester                                                       website-watchman
font-rock-3d                                                         webstorm
font-rock-salt                                                       webtorrent
font-rocknroll-one                                                   webull
font-rokkitt                                                         webviewscreensaver
font-rokkitt-vf-beta                                                 wechat
font-romanesco                                                       wechatwebdevtools
font-ronde                                                           wechatwork
font-ropa-sans                                                       weektodo
font-rosario                                                         weiyun
font-rosarivo                                                        weka
font-rouge-script                                                    welly
font-rounded-mplus                                                   wetype
font-routed-gothic                                                   wewechat
font-rowdies                                                         wey
font-rozha-one                                                       wezterm
font-rubik                                                           wezterm@nightly
font-rubik-80s-fade                                                  whale
font-rubik-beastly                                                   whalebird
font-rubik-broken-fax                                                whatroute
font-rubik-bubbles                                                   whatsapp
font-rubik-burned                                                    whatsapp@beta
font-rubik-dirt                                                      whatsapp@legacy
font-rubik-distressed                                                whatsize
font-rubik-doodle-shadow                                             whatsyoursign
font-rubik-doodle-triangles                                          whichspace
font-rubik-gemstones                                                 whimsical
font-rubik-glitch                                                    whisky
font-rubik-glitch-pop                                                whoozle-android-file-transfer
font-rubik-iso                                                       whoozle-android-file-transfer@nightly
font-rubik-lines                                                     widelands-app
font-rubik-maps                                                      widgettoggler
font-rubik-marker-hatch                                              wifi-explorer
font-rubik-maze                                                      wifi-explorer-pro
font-rubik-microbe                                                   wifiman
font-rubik-mono-one                                                  wifispoof
font-rubik-moonrocks                                                 winbox
font-rubik-one                                                       winclone
font-rubik-pixels                                                    windowkeys
font-rubik-puddles                                                   windows-app
font-rubik-scribble                                                  windows95
font-rubik-spray-paint                                               windscribe
font-rubik-storm                                                     windsurf
font-rubik-vinyl                                                     windsurf@next
font-rubik-wet-paint                                                 windterm
font-ruda                                                            wine-stable
font-rufina                                                          wine@devel
font-ruge-boogie                                                     wine@staging
font-ruluko                                                          wing-personal
font-rum-raisin                                                      wings3d
font-ruslan-display                                                  wins
font-russo-one                                                       wintertime
font-ruthie                                                          winx-hd-video-converter
font-ruwudu                                                          winzip
font-rye                                                             wire
font-sacramento                                                      wirecast
font-sahitya                                                         wireframe-sketcher
font-sail                                                            wireshark-app
font-saira                                                           wireshark-chmodbpf
font-saira-condensed                                                 wiso-steuer-2020
font-saira-extra-condensed                                           wiso-steuer-2021
font-saira-semi-condensed                                            wiso-steuer-2022
font-saira-stencil-one                                               wiso-steuer-2023
font-salsa                                                           wiso-steuer-2024
font-sanchez                                                         wiso-steuer-2025
font-sancreek                                                        witch
font-sankofa-display                                                 witsy
font-sans-forgetica                                                  wizcli
font-sansation                                                       wiznote
font-sansita                                                         wjoy
font-sansita-one                                                     wkhtmltopdf
font-sansita-swashed                                                 wljs-notebook
font-sarabun                                                         wolai
font-sarala                                                          wolfram-engine
font-sarasa-gothic                                                   wombat
font-sarina                                                          wonderfultools-screensaver
font-sarpanch                                                        wondershare-edrawmax
font-sassy-frass                                                     wondershare-filmora
font-satisfy                                                         wondershare-uniconverter
font-satoshi                                                         wooshy
font-sauce-code-pro-nerd-font                                        wordpresscom
font-savate                                                          wordpresscom-studio
font-sawarabi-gothic                                                 wordservice
font-sawarabi-mincho                                                 workbench
font-scada                                                           workflowy
font-scheherazade                                                    workman
font-scheherazade-new                                                workplace-chat
font-schibsted-grotesk                                               workspace-one-intelligent-hub
font-schoolbell                                                      workspaces
font-scientifica                                                     worldpainter
font-scope-one                                                       wormhole
font-seaweed-script                                                  wowmatrix
font-secular-one                                                     wowup
font-sedan                                                           wpsoffice
font-sedan-sc                                                        wpsoffice-cn
font-sedgwick-ave                                                    wrike
font-sedgwick-ave-display                                            write
font-sen                                                             writefull
font-send-flowers                                                    writemapper
font-server-mono                                                     writer
font-sevillana                                                       writerside
font-seymour-one                                                     wrkspace
font-sf-arabic                                                       wwdc
font-sf-armenian                                                     wxmacmolplt
font-sf-compact                                                      x-mirage
font-sf-georgian                                                     x-moto
font-sf-hebrew                                                       x-swiftformat
font-sf-mono                                                         x2goclient
font-sf-mono-for-powerline                                           x32-edit
font-sf-mono-nerd-font-ligaturized                                   xact
font-sf-pro                                                          xamarin-android
font-shadows-into-light                                              xamarin-ios
font-shadows-into-light-two                                          xamarin-mac
font-shafarik                                                        xamarin-studio
font-shalimar                                                        xamarin-workbooks
font-shantell-sans                                                   xampp
font-shanti                                                          xampp-vm
font-share                                                           xampp@7
font-share-tech                                                      xaos
font-share-tech-mono                                                 xattred
font-shippori-antique                                                xbar
font-shippori-antique-b1                                             xca
font-shippori-mincho                                                 xcodeclangformat
font-shippori-mincho-b1                                              xcodepilot
font-shizuru                                                         xcodes-app
font-shojumaru                                                       xctu
font-short-stack                                                     xdm
font-shrikhand                                                       xee
font-shure-tech-mono-nerd-font                                       xemu
font-siemreap                                                        xiami
font-sigmar                                                          xiaomi-cloud
font-sigmar-one                                                      ximalaya
font-signika                                                         xit
font-signika-negative                                                xiv-on-mac
font-signika-negative-sc                                             xld
font-signika-sc                                                      xliff-editor
font-silkscreen                                                      xlplayer
font-simonetta                                                       xmenu
font-simple-icons                                                    xmind
font-simple-line-icons                                               xmind@beta
font-single-day                                                      xmplify
font-sintony                                                         xnapper
font-sirin-stencil                                                   xnconvert
font-sirivennela                                                     xnviewmp
font-sitara                                                          xonotic
font-six-caps                                                        xournal++
font-sixtyfour                                                       xppen-pentablet
font-sixtyfour-convergence                                           xpra
font-sketchybar-app-font                                             xprocheck
font-skranji                                                         xquartz
font-slabo-13px                                                      xrg
font-slabo-27px                                                      xscope
font-slackey                                                         xscreensaver
font-slackside-one                                                   xsplit-vcam
font-smiley-sans                                                     xstation5
font-smokum                                                          xtool-creative-space
font-smooch                                                          xtorrent
font-smooch-sans                                                     yaak
font-smythe                                                          yaak@beta
font-sn-pro                                                          yacreader
font-sniglet                                                         yam-display
font-snippet                                                         yandex
font-snowburst-one                                                   yandex-cloud-cli
font-sofadi-one                                                      yandex-disk
font-sofia                                                           yandex-music
font-sofia-sans                                                      yandex-music-unofficial
font-sofia-sans-condensed                                            yate
font-sofia-sans-extra-condensed                                      yattee
font-sofia-sans-semi-condensed                                       yealink-meeting
font-solitreo                                                        yed
font-solway                                                          yellowdot
font-sometype-mono                                                   yemuzip
font-song-myung                                                      yep
font-sono                                                            yes24-ebook
font-sonsie-one                                                      yesplaymusic
font-sora                                                            yggdrasil
font-sorts-mill-goudy                                                yinxiangbiji
font-souliyo                                                         yippy
font-sour-gummy                                                      yo-app
font-source-code-pro                                                 yoda
font-source-code-pro-for-powerline                                   yojimbo
font-source-han-code-jp                                              youdaodict
font-source-han-sans-vf                                              youdaonote
font-source-han-serif-vf                                             youku
font-source-sans-3                                                   youlean-loudness-meter
font-source-serif-4                                                  youll-never-take-me-alive
font-space-grotesk                                                   yousician
font-space-mono                                                      youtrack-workflow
font-space-mono-nerd-font                                            youtube-downloader
font-special-elite                                                   youtube-to-mp3
font-special-gothic                                                  youtype
font-special-gothic-condensed-one                                    yt-music
font-special-gothic-expanded-one                                     ytmdesktop-youtube-music
font-spectral                                                        yu-writer
font-spectral-sc                                                     yuanbao
font-spicy-rice                                                      yubico-authenticator
font-spinnaker                                                       yubico-yubikey-manager
font-spirax                                                          yubihsm2-sdk
font-splash                                                          yuque
font-spleen                                                          zalo
font-spline-sans                                                     zandronum
font-spline-sans-mono                                                zap
font-squada-one                                                      zappy
font-square-peg                                                      zazu
font-sree-krushnadevaraya                                            zdoom
font-sriracha                                                        zecwallet-lite
font-srisakdi                                                        zed
font-staatliches                                                     zed@preview
font-stalemate                                                       zeebe-modeler
font-stalinist-one                                                   zeitgeist
font-stardos-stencil                                                 zen
font-stick                                                           zen-privacy
font-stick-no-bills                                                  zen@twilight
font-stint-ultra-condensed                                           zenbeats
font-stint-ultra-expanded                                            zenmap
font-stix                                                            zenmate-vpn
font-stix-two-math                                                   zeplin
font-stix-two-text                                                   zerobranestudio
font-stoke                                                           zeronet
font-story-script                                                    zerotier-one
font-strait                                                          zesarux
font-strong                                                          zettelkasten
font-style-script                                                    zettlr
font-stylish                                                         zight
font-sudo                                                            zipic
font-sue-ellen-francisco                                             znote
font-suez-one                                                        zoc
font-suit                                                            zoho-cliq
font-sulphur-point                                                   zoho-mail
font-sumana                                                          zoho-workdrive
font-sunflower                                                       zoo-design-studio
font-sunshiney                                                       zoom
font-supermercado-one                                                zoom-for-it-admins
font-sura                                                            zoom-m3-edit-and-play
font-suranna                                                         zotero
font-suravaram                                                       zotero@beta
font-suse                                                            zprint
font-suwannaphum                                                     zsa-wally
font-swanky-and-moo-moo                                              zspace
font-symbols-only-nerd-font                                          zui
font-syncopate                                                       zulip
font-syne                                                            zulu
font-syne-mono                                                       zulu@11
font-syne-tactile                                                    zulu@17
font-tac-one                                                         zulu@21
font-tagesschrift                                                    zulu@8
font-tai-heritage-pro                                                zulufx
font-tajawal                                                         zwift
font-takaoex                                                         zxpinstaller
font-tamzen                                                          zy-player
font-tangerine

To install 0-ad, run:
  brew install --cask 0-ad
warning: garbage found: .git/objects/pack/tmp_pack_qF8rH2
Aborting: Refusing to destructively overwrite repo history since
this does not look like a fresh clone.
  (expected freshly packed repo)
Please operate on a fresh clone instead.  If you want to proceed
anyway, use --force.
(base) mazenbteddini@Mazens-MacBook-Pro OrdersGeneratorApp % git rev-list --objects --all | grep -i hprof || echo "No hprof left"
8eafa48ecad8e9d1510c3253ab9a5768a48d6240 java_pid76624.hprof
4edc18d4c0bf2e089a763f9c5b44880f0943c1e0 java_pid77094.hprof
b32deef17aca3eea0b389961d54d23ee22e42a6a java_pid82970.hprof
(base) mazenbteddini@Mazens-MacBook-Pro OrdersGeneratorApp % git remote -v
git push -u origin main --force
git push origin --tags --force
origin  git@github.com:mazenwb338/OrdersGeneratorApp1.git (fetch)
origin  git@github.com:mazenwb338/OrdersGeneratorApp1.git (push)
Enumerating objects: 2495, done.
Counting objects: 100% (2495/2495), done.
Delta compression using up to 10 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (2203/2203), done.
Writing objects: 100% (2495/2495), 615.77 MiB | 4.69 MiB/s, done.
Total 2495 (delta 1090), reused 3 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1090/1090), done.
remote: error: Trace: da729d75ec578d7bf4c615c6903eeef7f85b90cbfc1aeb9d9af03ffb12c12df9
remote: error: See https://gh.io/lfs for more information.
remote: error: File java_pid76624.hprof is 675.48 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit of 100.00 MB
remote: error: File java_pid77094.hprof is 787.56 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit of 100.00 MB
remote: error: File java_pid82970.hprof is 700.44 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit of 100.00 MB
remote: error: GH001: Large files detected. You may want to try Git Large File Storage - https://git-lfs.github.com.
To github.com:mazenwb338/OrdersGeneratorApp1.git
 ! [remote rejected] main -> main (pre-receive hook declined)
error: failed to push some refs to 'github.com:mazenwb338/OrdersGeneratorApp1.git'
Enumerating objects: 2490, done.
Counting objects: 100% (2490/2490), done.
Delta compression using up to 10 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (2199/2199), done.
Writing objects:  23% (592/2490), 594.65 MiB | 5.51 MiB/s